{
    "id": "_JprR5tCB7EAAAAAAAAAAA==",
    "company": "Meta (formerly known as Facebook)",
    "description": "As a Machine Learning Data Scientist at Meta, you will have the opportunity to do groundbreaking applied machine learning work that will shape the industry and the future of people-facing and business-facing products we build in Monetization Analytics and Engineering.By applying your Machine Learning knowledge and technical skills, analytical mindset, and product intuition to one of the richest data sets in the world, you will help define the experiences we build for billions of people and hundreds of millions of businesses around the world. You will collaborate on a wide array of product and business problems with a diverse set of cross-functional partners across Product, Engineering, Research, Data Engineering, Marketing, Sales, Finance and others. You will use Machine Learning knowledge, data and analysis to identify and solve product development\u2019s biggest challenges. You will influence product strategy and investment decisions with data, be focused on impact, and collaborate with other teams. By joining Meta, you will become part of a world-class analytics community dedicated to skill development and career growth in analytics, data science, machine learning and beyond.About the roleProduct leadership: You will use data to understand the product and business ecosystem, quantify new opportunities, identify upcoming challenges, and shape product development to bring value to people, businesses, and Meta. You will help develop strategy and support leadership in prioritizing what to build and setting goals for execution.Analytics: You will guide product teams using data and insights. You will focus on developing hypotheses and employ a diverse toolkit of rigorous analytical approaches, different methodologies, frameworks, and technical approaches including ML to test them. You will research challenging ML questions to inform experimentation and ML development.Communication and influence: You won\u2019t simply present data, but tell data-driven stories. You will convince and influence leaders using clear insights and recommendations. You will build credibility through structure and clarity, and be a trusted strategic partner.\nRequired Skills\nData Scientist, Machine Learning Responsibilities:\n\u2022 Lead analytics projects end-to-end in partnership with Product, Engineering, and cross-functional teams to inform, influence, support, and execute product strategy and investment decisions.\n\u2022 Work with large and complex data sets to solve a wide array of challenging problems using different analytical and statistical approaches.\n\u2022 Apply technical expertise with machine learning, quantitative analysis, experimentation, data mining, and the presentation of data to develop strategies for our products that serve billions of people and hundreds of millions of businesses.\n\u2022 Partner with cross-functional engineering and product teams to derive quantitative understanding of Meta\u2019s ML infrastructure and ML applications.\n\u2022 Inform direction and strategic decisions for the future of ML and large scale distributed systems at Meta.\n\u2022 Identify opportunities and develop solutions in existing large scale distributed systems and ML stack.\n\u2022 Define, understand, and test opportunities and levers to improve the product through ML models and applications, and drive ML-modeling roadmaps through your insights and recommendations.\n\u2022 Contribute towards advancing the Data Science discipline at Meta, including but not limited to driving data best practices (e.g. analysis, goaling, experimentation, machine learning), improving analytical processes, scaling knowledge and tools, and mentoring other data scientists.\nMinumum Qualification\nMinimum Qualifications:\n\u2022 Bachelor's degree in Mathematics, Statistics, related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.\n\u2022 A minimum of 8 years of experience (minimum of 6 years with a Ph.D.) in one or more of the following: ML Modeling, Ranking, Recommendations, or Personalization systems.\n\u2022 Experience with statistical data analysis such as linear models, multivariate analysis, stochastic models, and sampling methods.\n\u2022 Experience with applying machine learning techniques to big data systems (e.g., Spark and Hadoop) with TB to PB scale datasets.\n\u2022 Experience with data querying languages (e.g. SQL), scripting languages (e.g. Python), and/or statistical/mathematical software (e.g. R).\nPreferred Qualification\nPreferred Qualifications:\n\u2022 Ph.D. in a quantitative field.\n\u2022 Strong research record demonstrated through publications.\n\u2022 Knowledge of one or more of advanced ML techniques such as Classification, Prediction, Recommender Systems, Anomaly Detection, Optimization, Privacy Preserving Machine Learning.\n\u2022 Experience with design and analysis of experiments.\n\u2022 Experience with large-scale A/B testing systems, especially in the domain of online advertising.\n\nMeta is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. You may view our Equal Employment Opportunity notice here. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. We may use your information to maintain the safety and security of Meta, its employees, and others as required or permitted by law. You may view Meta's Pay Transparency Policy, Equal Employment Opportunity is the Law notice, and Notice to Applicants for Employment and Employees by clicking on their corresponding links. Additionally, Meta participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law"
}