{
    "id": "L6n_-1IO8jUAAAAAAAAAAA==",
    "company": "Facebook",
    "description": "As a Machine Learning Data Scientist at Meta, you will have the opportunity to do groundbreaking work on machine learning development and strategy that will shape the industry and the future of people-facing and business-facing products we build in Ads. You will help prioritize infrastructure investments enabling next-generation Machine Learning model development and deployment for monetization applications and shape the strategy for cutting-edge Ads ML technology. By applying your Machine Learning knowledge and technical skills, analytical mindset, and product intuition to one of the richest data sets in the world, you will help define the experiences we build for billions of people and hundreds of millions of businesses around the world. You will collaborate on a wide array of product and business problems with a diverse set of cross-functional partners across Product, Engineering, Research, Data Engineering, Marketing, Sales, Finance and others. You will use Machine Learning knowledge, data and analysis to identify and solve product development's biggest challenges. You will influence product strategy and investment decisions with data, be focused on impact, and collaborate with other teams. By joining Meta, you will become part of a world-class analytics community dedicated to skill development and career growth in analytics, data science, machine learning and beyond. About the role:\nProduct leadership:\nYou will use data to understand the product and business ecosystem, quantify new opportunities, identify upcoming challenges, and shape product development to bring value to people, businesses, and Meta. You will help develop strategy and support leadership in prioritizing what to build and setting goals for execution. Analytics:\nYou will guide product teams using data and insights. You will focus on developing hypotheses and employ a diverse toolkit of rigorous analytical approaches, different methodologies, frameworks, and technical approaches including ML to test them. You will research challenging ML questions to inform experimentation and ML development. Communication and influence:\nYou won't simply present data, but tell data-driven stories. You will convince and influence leaders using clear insights and recommendations. You will build credibility through structure and clarity, and be a trusted strategic partner. Data Scientist, Product Analytics - Machine Learning Responsibilities Identify levers to improve ML development and deployment infrastructure and their topline impact on the business. Lead analytics projects end-to-end in partnership with Product, Engineering, and cross-functional teams to inform, influence, support, and execute product strategy and investment decisions. Work with large and complex data sets to solve a wide array of challenging problems using different analytical and statistical approaches. Apply technical expertise with machine learning, quantitative analysis, experimentation, data mining, and the presentation of data to develop strategies for our products that serve billions of people and hundreds of millions of businesses. Partner with cross-functional engineering and product teams to derive quantitative understanding of Meta's ML infrastructure and ML applications. Inform direction and strategic decisions for the future of ML and large scale distributed systems at Meta. Identify opportunities and develop solutions in existing large scale distributed systems and ML stack. Define, understand, and test opportunities and levers to improve the product through ML models and applications, and drive ML-modeling roadmaps through your insights and recommendations. Contribute towards advancing the Data Science discipline at Meta, including but not limited to driving data best practices (e.g. analysis, goaling, experimentation, machine learning), improving analytical processes, scaling knowledge and tools, and mentoring other data scientists. Minimum Qualifications Currently has, or is in the process of obtaining a Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, relevant technical field, or equivalent practical experience. Degree must be completed prior to joining Meta. Experience with statistical data analysis such as linear models, multivariate analysis, stochastic models, and sampling methods Experience with applying machine learning techniques to big data systems (e.g., Spark and Hadoop) with TB to PB scale datasets Experience with data querying languages (e.g. SQL), scripting languages (e.g. Python), and/or statistical/mathematical software (e.g. R) Preferred Qualifications Ph.D. in a quantitative field Strong research record demonstrated through publications Familiarity with large scale production ML systems as well as industry trends/best practices About Meta Meta builds technologies that help people connect, find communities, and grow businesses. When Facebook launched in 2004, it changed the way people connect. Apps like Messenger, Instagram and WhatsApp further empowered billions around the world. Now, Meta is moving beyond 2D screens toward immersive experiences like augmented and virtual reality to help build the next evolution in social technology. People who choose to build their careers by building with us at Meta help shape a future that will take us beyond what digital connection makes possible today--beyond the constraints of screens, the limits of distance, and even the rules of physics. Meta is committed to providing reasonable support (called accommodations) in our recruiting processes for candidates with disabilities, long term conditions, mental health conditions or sincerely held religious beliefs, or who are neurodivergent or require pregnancy-related support. (Colorado only ) Minimum salary of $200,000/year\nbonus\nequity\nbenefits Note:\nDisclosure as required by sb19-085(8-5-20)\nSalary Range:\n$200K -- $250K\nMinimum Qualification\nData Science & Machine LearningEstimated Salary: $20 to $28 per hour based on qualifications"
}