{
    "id": "iRRL5skw-XsAAAAAAAAAAA==",
    "company": "Google",
    "description": "The Google Cloud Platform team helps customers transform and build what's next for their business \u2014 all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. Our teams are dedicated to helping our customers \u2014 developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies \u2014 see the benefits of our technology come to life. As part of an entrepreneurial team in this rapidly growing business, you will play a key role in understanding the needs of our customers and help shape the future of businesses of all sizes use technology to connect with customers, employees and partners.\n\nAs a Cloud Data Engineer, you will guide customers on how to ingest, store, process, analyze, and explore/visualize data on the Google Cloud Platform. You will work on data migrations and transformational projects. You will work with governments, universities, and other public sector customers to design large-scale data processing systems, develop data pipelines optimized for scaling, and troubleshoot potential platform issues. You will travel to customer sites to deploy solutions and deliver workshops to educate and empower customers. Additionally, you will work closely with Product Management and Product Engineering to build and constantly drive excellence in our products.\n\nGoogle Cloud accelerates organizations\u2019 ability to digitally transform their business with the best infrastructure, platform, industry solutions and expertise. We deliver enterprise-grade solutions that leverage Google\u2019s cutting-edge technology \u2013 all on the cleanest cloud in the industry. Customers in more than 200 countries and territories turn to Google Cloud as their trusted partner to enable growth and solve their most critical business problems.\nThe US base salary range for this full-time position is $134,000-$208,000 + bonus + equity + benefits. Our salary ranges are determined by role, level, and location. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position across all US locations. Within the range, individual pay is determined by work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process.\n\nPlease note that the compensation details listed in US role postings reflect the base salary only, and do not include bonus, equity, or benefits. Learn more about benefits at Google"
}