{
    "id": "haSz058GAhYAAAAAAAAAAA==",
    "company": "Centene Corporation",
    "description": "You could be the one who changes everything for our 26 million members. Centene is transforming the health of our communities, one person at a time. As a diversified, national organization, you'll have access to competitive benefits including a fresh perspective on workplace flexibility.\n\nPosition Purpose: Responsible for analytic data needs of the business unit. Handle complex data projects and acts as a lead for other Data Analysts.\n\n\u2022 Provide advanced analytical support for business operations in all or some of the following areas: claims, provider data, member data, clinical data, HEDIS, pharmacy, external reporting\u2022 Extract, load, model, and reconcile large amounts of data across multiple system platforms and sources\u2022 Review data to determine operational impacts and needed actions; elevate issues, trends, areas for improvement and opportunities to management.\u2022 Develop reports and deliverables for management\u2022 Model data using MS Excel, Access, SQL, and/or other data ware house analytical tools\u2022 Ensure compliance with federal and state deliverable reporting requirements by performing data quality audits and analysis.\u2022 Assist with training and mentoring other Data Analysts.\n\nEducation/Experience: Bachelor's degree in related field or equivalent experience. 4+ years of statistical analysis or data analysis experience. Healthcare experience preferred. Advanced knowledge of Enterprise Reporting and Analysis tools, SQL, and Microsoft Office applications, including Excel and Access. Experience managing projects or heavy involvement in project implementation.\n\nBUSINESS ANALYTICS::\n\nBachelor's degree in related field or equivalent experience. 4+ years of statistical analysis or 2+ years of related IT experience, including data warehouse, coding or ETL experience. Healthcare experience preferred. Advanced knowledge of Enterprise Reporting and Analysis tools, SQL, and Microsoft Office applications, including Excel and Access. Experience managing projects or heavy involvement in project implementation. Encounters experience preferred.\n\nOur Comprehensive Benefits Package: Flexible work solutions including remote options, hybrid work schedules and dress flexibility, Competitive pay, Paid time off including holidays, Health insurance coverage for you and your dependents, 401(k) and stock purchase plans, Tuition reimbursement and best-in-class training and development.\n\nCentene is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to diversity, and values the ways in which we are different. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other characteristic protected by applicable law"
}