{
    "id": "Pv3xfmCvS08AAAAAAAAAAA==",
    "company": "Apple",
    "description": "Summary Apple's Finance Decision Support team is looking for a passionate and highly motivated data scientist. You will provide a key function in shaping the success of Apple's current and future products! Key Qualifications 5\nyears of experience designing, building, and evaluating core statistical and machine learning solutions Strong background in statistical modeling such as regression survival and cohort analysis, time series forecasting, etc. Experience with analyzing and modeling subscription data Strong R programmer, proficient in package development Strong data wrangling skills in R (tidyverse, data.table), also comfortable with SQL Excellent data visualization and storytelling skills (ggplot2, plotly, etc) Experience in collaborative code development and version control using git Ability to prototype ideas quickly and build reproducible workflows Experience working in a cross-functional team Creative and curious thinker. Ability to translate business problems into data requirements Strong written and verbal communication skills, capable of explaining technical results to a non-technical audience Well-organized and self-motivated. Comfortable advancing multiple priorities at once on tight schedules Description We are looking for a passionate and motivated data scientist with proven experience in the entertainment industry and video streaming platforms. This role is based in our Culver City, CA office and reports to the Services and Infrastructure Finance team. In this role, you will partner closely with Apple TV\nand Finance teams to explore, model, and extract insights from the data to support TV\nfuture investments decision-making! Education & Experience Master's or PhD degree in Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Economics, Physics or related degree Additional Requirements Entertainment industry experience, exposure to direct-to-consumer video streaming of original content Experience accessing various endpoints (e.g. REST APIs) and databases (e.g. Postgres, Spark) Experience with scheduling systems (e.g. Github Actions, Airflow, Jenkins) and containerization tools (e.g., Docker) Experience with shell scripting (e.g. bash), and other programming languages such as python or Julia Experience with Bayesian and probabilistic modeling (e.g., Stan, rstan, etc.)\nSalary Range:\n$100K -- $150K\nMinimum Qualification\nData Science & Machine Learning, Database AdministrationEstimated Salary: $20 to $28 per hour based on qualifications"
}