{
    "id": "rEsoZEGwjgQAAAAAAAAAAA==",
    "company": "Apple",
    "description": "Business Development Commercial Analyst - AppleCare\nSanta Clara Valley (Cupertino),California,United States\nSales and Business Development\n- Proven experience in Finance or Commercial operations within a high performance organization\n- - Understanding of or willingness to learn the AppleCare, device protection, and service businesses\n- - Demonstrate a passion, energy, and focus on developing and growing multi-million dollar business programs globally\n- - A strong command of business and financial modeling is critical to success in this role\n- - Excellent presentation, written, verbal and interpersonal communication skills\n- - Self-starter with an analytical orientation, strategic vision, and strong executional track record\n- - Strong quantitative, critical thinking, and decision-making skills with ability to synthesize and distill large amounts of data into action plans\n- - Demonstrated success providing vision and strategy while leading and developing high- performance teams in a dynamic, global organization\n- - Advanced knowledge of Excel required\nDescription\nIn this role, you will work with a team of Business Development professionals in identifying and generating new partnerships with carrier, retail, and insurance partners. You will evaluate and build commercial proposals and participate in negotiations with partners. This is a highly visible and challenging position. It is a fast paced role that will require the successful candidate to analyze revenue, margin, and sales data and articulate resulting trends clearly and concisely so as to maximize the commercial outcome for Apple. The successful candidate will need to illustrate a proven ability to mine large volumes of data and, using data analytics tools, present that in a format that can aide analysis and decision making. In doing so, the successful candidate will need to work using their own initiative to enhance existing and develop new reporting. The candidate will also be required to prepare and review cost models that support existing and new AppleCare business. A key element to the role will be the ability of the successful candidate to develop working relationships with key business partners throughout the Apple organization.\nEducation & Experience\nBA/BS degree plus extensive experience in finance industry. MS/MBA preferred.\nAdditional Requirements\nPay & Benefits\n- At Apple, base pay is one part of our total compensation package and is determined within a range. This provides the opportunity to progress as you grow and develop within a role. The base pay range for this role is between $135,000 and $242,000, and your base pay will depend on your skills, qualifications, experience, and location.Apple employees also have the opportunity to become an Apple shareholder through participation in Apple's discretionary employee stock programs. Apple employees are eligible for discretionary restricted stock unit awards, and can purchase Apple stock at a discount if voluntarily participating in Apple's Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You'll also receive benefits including: Comprehensive medical and dental coverage, retirement benefits, a range of discounted products and free services, and for formal education related to advancing your career at Apple, reimbursement for certain educational expenses - including tuition. Additionally, this role might be eligible for discretionary bonuses or commission payments as well as relocation.Learn more (https://www.apple.com/careers/us/benefits.html) about Apple Benefits.Note: Apple benefit, compensation and employee stock programs are subject to eligibility requirements and other terms of the applicable plan or program.\nApple Footer\nApple is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We take affirmative action to ensure equal opportunity for all applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, Veteran status, or other legally protected characteristics. Learn more about your EEO rights as an applicant (Opens in a new window) .\nApple will not discriminate or retaliate against applicants who inquire about, disclose, or discuss their compensation or that of other applicants. United States Department of Labor. Learn more (Opens in a new window) .\nApple will consider for employment all qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable law. If you're applying for a position in San Francisco, review the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance guidelines (opens in a new window) applicable in your area.\nApple participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations as required by law. Learn more about the E-Verify program (Opens in a new window) .\nApple is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. Apple is a drug-free workplace. Reasonable Accommodation and Drug Free Workplace policy Learn more (Opens in a new window)"
}