{
    "id": "3uFohcmdWlkAAAAAAAAAAA==",
    "company": "Microsoft Legal Department",
    "description": "Job Duties\n\nMicrosoft Corporation has the following job opportunity\n\nResponsible for developing or testing computer software applications, systems or services. Implement statistical analysis, predictive modeling, time-series analysis, data visualization, machine learning techniques, and new algorithm design to allow for targeted analysis of inputs. Use innovative algorithms, machine learning, and Natural Language Processing (NLP) to analyze, model, and predict the behaviors of people, and how they relate to organizational outcomes. Utilize and implement statistical models, apply existing libraries in R, Python, and other programming languages to process cross-sectional data and extract significant patterns in key characteristics of human behavior, and productize it by writing software code. Support data and insight needs across a wide range of functions and activities to help the company better understand behavioral data with cutting-edge machine learning and artificial Intelligence-based algorithms and interactive visualizations. Telecommuting permitted 100% from any location within mainland U.S.\n\nMinimum Requirements\n\u2022 EDUCATION REQUIREMENT: Master's degree or foreign equivalent degree in Computer Science, Data Science, Analytics, Engineering, Math, Statistics, Physics, or a related field.\n\u2022 EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENT: Three (3) years of experience in computer programming and software development.\n\u2022 SPECIFIC SKILLS REQUIREMENTS: Requires at least 36 months of experience in each of the following: Data visualization; SQL; Working in an analytical role in a consulting organization; and Large data sets; and 12 months of experience in each of the following: Linking business outcomes to employee engagement and survey data and predicting business outcomes such as attrition, safety, and other operational metrics; Advanced statistics; Predictive modeling; and Machine learning.\n\nMultiple job openings. Qualified candidates must meet the minimum requirements for the position. Microsoft Corporation is an equal opportunity employer.\n\nPay Range and Benefits Information\n\nThe offered base pay range for this specific position [TSSKS16926], based in Redmond, WA (but telecommuting permitted 100% from any location in the U.S.) is $207,900 to $227,900.\n\nMicrosoft has different base pay ranges for different work locations within the United States, which allows us to pay employees competitively and consistently in different geographic markets. Individual base pay depends on various factors, in addition to primary work location, such as complexity and responsibility of role, job duties/requirements, and relevant experience and skills. Base pay ranges are reviewed and typically updated each year. Offers are made within the base pay range applicable at the time.\n\nAt Microsoft certain roles are eligible for additional rewards, including merit increases, annual bonus and stock. These awards are allocated based on individual performance. In addition, certain roles also have the opportunity to earn sales incentives based on revenue or utilization, depending on the terms of the plan and the employee's role. Benefits/perks listed here may vary depending on the nature of employment with Microsoft and the country work location. U.S.-based employees have access to medical, dental, and vision insurance, a 401(k) plan and company match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, and wellbeing benefits, among others. U.S.-based full-time employees also receive 10 paid holidays, and accrue vacation at a rate of 5 hours per pay period worked, (hourly employees accrue 4.62 hours per pay period worked), and 80 hours paid sick time (hourly employees accrue .03846 hour per hour worked) per calendar year"
}