{
    "id": "4wjJoQsgwbUAAAAAAAAAAA==",
    "company": "Microsoft Legal Department",
    "description": "Job Duties\n\nMicrosoft Corporation has the following job opportunity\n\nManipulate large volumes of data, create new and improved techniques and/or solutions for data collection, management, and usage. Research and develop an understanding of tools, technologies, and methods that can be utilized to improve state-of-the-art technologies. Leverage Machine Learning (ML) or statistical modeling techniques to develop solutions to problems in the field of computer hardware or software and drive innovation. Develop, evaluate, and deploy software, algorithms, systems, or other data to improve products, system performance, quality, data management, and accuracy. Collaborate with cross-functional teams to promote digital transformation, which may include Artificial Intelligence or Automation, and develop applications and underlying support systems that allow users to do specific tasks. Develop and review designs and business requirements to analyze and streamline data. Telecommuting permitted less than 50% per week within same geographic location as assigned MSFT office location.\n\nMinimum Requirements\n\u2022 Education: Master's degree or foreign equivalent degree in Computer Science; Information Technology; Software Engineering; Computer Systems; Information Systems; Data Science; Data Analytics; Mathematics; Statistics; or related\n\u2022 Experience: 12 months of experience in any data-scientist or related occupation\n\u2022 Experience must include: 12 months of experience in Al; AzureML; TensorFLow; Big data modeling and analysis; Machine Learning; Python; and Natural Language processing\n\nMultiple job openings. Qualified candidates must meet the minimum requirements for the position. Microsoft Corporation is an equal opportunity employer.\nPay Range and Benefits Information\n\nThe offered base pay range for this specific position ML93356, in Dallas, TX, is $120,000 to $150,000.\n\nMicrosoft has different base pay ranges for different work locations within the United States, which allows us to pay employees competitively and consistently in different geographic markets. Individual base pay depends on various factors, in addition to primary work location, such as complexity and responsibility of role, job duties/requirements, and relevant experience and skills. Base pay ranges are reviewed and typically updated each year. Offers are made within the base pay range applicable at the time.\n\nAt Microsoft certain roles are eligible for additional rewards, including merit increases, annual bonus and stock. These awards are allocatedbased on individual performance. In addition, certain roles also have the opportunity to earn sales incentives based on revenue orutilization, depending on the terms of the plan and the employee's role. Benefits/perks listed here may vary depending on the nature ofemployment with Microsoft and the country work location. U.S.-based employees have access to medical, dental, and vision insurance, a 401(k) plan andcompany match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, and wellbeing benefits, among others. U.S.-based full-time employees also receive 10 paid holidays, and accrue vacation at a rate of 5 hours per pay period worked, (hourly employees accrue 4.62 hours per pay period worked), and 80 hours paid sick time (hourly employees accrue .03846 hour per hour worked) per calendar year.\n\nEmployment Type: OTHER"
}