{
    "id": "NwQl2X5neJIAAAAAAAAAAA==",
    "company": "Microsoft",
    "description": "Microsoft's Cloud business is experiencing explosive growth, and the Capacity, Supply Chain & Provisioning (CSCP) organization is responsible for enabling the infrastructure underlying this growth. Our mission is to deliver the world's computer with an industry-leading supply chain. CSCP is responsible for strategic sourcing, customer demand forecasting, capacity planning and management, supply chain planning and execution, capacity provisioning, and decommissioning and dispositioning of datacenter assets worldwide. Within CSCP, we are the Cloud Capacity Planning Team (CCP) and our mission is to lead the world's cloud experience through optimal, predictable, and connected planning. CCP has an exciting opportunity for a seasoned Supply Chain Data Analyst to join our Data Governance Team and contribute to Microsoft's success in the cloud race. The ideal candidate is passionate about data and is experienced in a full range of data science and data engineering skills. The Supply Chain Data Analyst will become part of a team of subject matter experts for our data, contribute thought leadership to our data strategy, and define, enforce & optimize data governance practices. Responsibilities o Be the subject matter expert in all things data in your area of the CCP business. Know the data, systems, stakeholders, and business processes. o Define and implement data governance policies and procedures. o Ensure alignment of data quality activities to business and data governance strategies. o Provide clarity to business and technical stakeholders on our data nuances. o Collaborate across teams to define our future state data strategy and data model. o Collaborate across teams to advance our tooling and capabilities. o Continually seek opportunities in how we can make better use of data to inform better business decisions. o Communicate business insights to executive leaderships. Qualifications Minimum Qualifications o Bachelor's degree in Data Science, Engineering, or other Information Technology related fields o 6\nyears of experience as a data engineer, BI developer, or data analyst o Experience in data analytics & reporting tools and techniques (e.g. Power BI, Power Query, DAX, SQL) o Experience with data analysis at cloud scale with corresponding tools (e.g. Databricks, Synapse, Azure Data Lake, Cosmos) Preferred Qualifications o Demonstrated experience with data pipelines, data cleansing, data transformations and other analytical techniques for data manipulation o Strong written and oral communication, organization, and time-management skills with high attention to detail o Experience in defining master data or information governance policies and procedures o Demonstrated experience in Enterprise data management and systems integration o Be able to decompose complex systems and processes into easy-to-understand building blocks o Strong individual contribution yet collaborative and influential across partner teams o Embrace working with teams across geographies o Experience with Cloud Supply Chain functions\nSalary Range:\n$100K -- $150K\nMinimum Qualification\nData Science & Machine LearningEstimated Salary: $20 to $28 per hour based on qualifications"
}