{
    "id": "uWcXrsDvZgYAAAAAAAAAAA==",
    "company": "Microsoft",
    "description": "Do you want to be on the leading edge of using big data to drive engineering and product\u202fdecisions\u202ffor the biggest productivity software on the planet? Office Product Group \u2019s (OPG) mission is to delight our customers with compelling products and services. The Fundamentals User & Enterprise Lifecycle (Fuel) team is looking for an experienced\u202fprofessional with a passion for delivering business value with data insights and analytics to join our team as a Senior Data\u202fScientist. Specifically, you will be working on the Growth and User Lifecycle Data Science team to drive engagement and monetization for Office apps (Word, Excel, and PowerPoint) across all platforms (client, web, mobile). Your work will directly drive growth in our consumer user base, both for paid subscribers and free users.\n\nWe are looking for an experienced Senior Data Scientist with a proven track-record of solving complex data analysis and machine learning problems in a real-world product setting. We want folks who are passionate about consumer products and driving user engagement and growth. An ideal candidate will closely partner with product teams to drive product/business growth with meaningful insights and data-driven recommendations and experimentation. OPG product teams are very experimentation-driven and metrics-driven, partnering closely with data science to help drive product success. Experience with experimentation and with driving growth in a subscription business is a plus.\n\nYour primary responsibilities include understanding product/business priorities, conducting opportunity analysis, defining product metrics, setting metric targets, building data-driven hypothesis, and running high-quality experiments to hit those targets. You will find and prioritize opportunities that you see and drive product investments. You will use the latest machine learning and predictive modeling techniques to identify and predict desired end-user outcomes, work with product engineers to test and implement features or notifications that improve end user outcomes.\u202f\u202fA successful candidate must tell clear and compelling stories, author documents, and make presentations to educate and inform the product teams and help shape the product and continuously improve our data-driven culture"
}