{
    "id": "YMjhInj5WG0AAAAAAAAAAA==",
    "company": "Microsoft",
    "description": "About this job On the Yammer Analytics & Strategy Team, our goal is to help the entire organization make better decisions by utilizing data. As a Data Scientist -Behavioral Science, you will help the Customer, Product, and Leadership teams make better decisions about the future of Yammer itself. The team has been very successful at using product signals to better understand user behavior and transform those insights into impactful product strategy recommendations. This role will be the first on the team to lean more heavily into this function to drive greater impact both within product development and customer adoption. This is an ideal role for someone with a quantitative research background looking to do more fast-paced, applied, collaborative work within a product team. You should be passionate about using both quantitative and qualitative data to answer broad questions about how people connect at work and telling a compelling story with data to internal and external stakeholders. You will be collaborating with analysts, product managers, customer success managers, marketers, and researchers to understand the challenges facing customers and users, both within the product and in a remote and hybrid work settings, and formulating and testing hypotheses using large-scale data. You will partner especially closely with Yammer's customer team to build out scalable insights, visualizations, and data-backed recommendations for Yammer customers What makes this role special? Be the first dedicated behavioral scientist on the team and play a role in determining the scope of this function. Partner closely with Yammer's Customer team to deliver insights and recommendations at scale to drive deeper adoption. Opportunity for impact at a massive scale as Yammer sits within the O365 suite which has 100M\nusers. Smaller analytics team means tons of ability to have impact and wear different hats Social enterprise = unique and interesting analytics problems (lots of independent social networks) Responsibilities Work with large, complex data sets. Solve difficult, non-routine analysis problems, applying advanced analytical methods as needed; Conduct end-to-end analysis that includes data gathering and requirements specification, processing, analysis, ongoing deliverables and presentations Utilize excellent communication skills to clearly distill the essence of your technical work to audiences of all levels and across multiple functional areas. Develop deep product intuition that you leverage to influence future product roadmaps and drive decision making. Work with product and engineering to craft experiments and test hypotheses. Navigate complex situations and influence across multiple product areas by leveraging leadership acumen. Qualifications Minimum Qualifications 3-5 years experience in a quantitative research, strategic, or analytical role Ability to craft an engaging narrative backed with concise data visualizations to broad audiences Extensive knowledge of statistics and analytical concepts and experienced in joining together large, disparate datasets Experience with A/B Testing and experimental design Experience utilizing data to drive decisions and change minds. Strong SQL skills Can do deeper analyses using R, Python, or Stata Preferred Qualifications Masters or PhD in a quantitative social science 2\nyears work experience doing quantitative analysis Work experience in high tech\nSalary Range:\n$80K -- $100K\nMinimum Qualification\nData Science & Machine LearningEstimated Salary: $20 to $28 per hour based on qualifications"
}