{
    "id": "2qw2AyR6gy0AAAAAAAAAAA==",
    "company": "Apple Inc.",
    "description": "Data Engineer\nApple, Inc\n\nUnited States, California, Cupertino\n\nJanuary 27, 2023\n\nSummary\nPosted: Jan 25, 2023\nWeekly Hours: 40\nRole Number: 200458792\nAre you a big-picture thinker who loves setting ambitious goals? Do you have a passion for understanding how each line of code affects all the others? In the Core Operating Systems group, you'll ensure the OS is inseparable from each device's identity as a whole. That's because this group is committed to building fully integrated operating systems that combine hardware, software, and apps into a single Apple experience. Your dedication to cross-disciplinary collaboration will help develop groundbreaking technologies, such as iOS, macOS, watchOS, and tvOS. By crafting these distinct, holistic user experiences, you'll continue to uphold and advance the excellence people expect from Apple devices. The Platform Services & Operations team in Core OS is looking for a Data Engineer to inform and develop essential workflow tooling at scale. The Workflow Engineering team enable teams to deliver high quality software through best in class engineering experiences, efficient workflow, data driven insights, and a culture of continuous improvement. Your focus is building the backend data pipelines that enables visualization of data across the organization in user intuitive and configurable formats.\nKey Qualifications\n3 + years proven experience in a Data focused position\nProficient in Python; data access and retrieval. Quantitative data preparation. Regular expressions and text analysis\nHighly Proficient in Database Language and Design; querying large stores of data (APIs, SQL, etc.).\nAccess, retrieval, and storage of information. Data Structures, modeling for speed and efficiency\nSoftware Development; understanding of build pipelines, branching and merging, Agile methods, and the delivery of code. Fluency in Git (or comparable source control tool)\nDescription\n- Replicate data from source system into data warehouse; retrieve data through various protocols and land it in a central store - Automate data pipelines; write programs to periodically update warehouse data from source systems - Design for scale; flexible infrastructure for common enhancements including: expanding the volume of captured data, adding fields to the user-facing views, and recompiling archived data - Work with a team of data scientists and full stack engineers, to derive and develop targeted insights through centrally managed interactive dashboards\nEducation & Experience\nB.S. in Data Science, Computer Science, or equivalent experience.\nAdditional Requirements\n- Experience as an Analyst; worked in the delivery of visual information (dashboards, reports, web-apps)\n- An understanding of how data can be used and applied in context (what is useful to capture and how it can be communicated)\n- Full Stack Development; ability to maintain back-end systems and visualize front-end data for users (with a web-kit framework like Angular, React)\n- Experience with Snowflake and/or other data store technologies\nPay & Benefits\nAt Apple, base pay is one part of our total compensation package and is determined within a range. This provides the opportunity to progress as you grow and develop within a role. The base pay range for this role is between $121,000 and $230,000, and your base pay will depend on your skills, qualifications, experience, and location.\n\nApple employees also have the opportunity to become an Apple shareholder through participation in Apple's discretionary employee stock programs. Apple employees are eligible for discretionary restricted stock unit awards, and can purchase Apple stock at a discount if voluntarily participating in Apple's Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You'll also receive benefits including: Comprehensive medical and dental coverage, retirement benefits, a range of discounted products and free services, and for formal education related to advancing your career at Apple, reimbursement for certain educational expenses - including tuition. Additionally, this role might be eligible for discretionary bonuses or commission payments as well as relocation. about Apple Benefits.\n\nNote: Apple benefit, compensation and employee stock programs are subject to eligibility requirements and other terms of the applicable plan or program"
}