{
    "id": "Hp-nPe1ggR4AAAAAAAAAAA==",
    "company": "Apple",
    "description": "Summary\n\nPosted: May 24, 2022\n\nRole Number:200323919\n\nAt Apple, we work every day to build products that enrich people's lives. Our Advertising Platforms group makes it possible for people around the world to easily access informative and imaginative content on their devices while helping publishers and developers promote and monetize their work. Today, our technology and services power advertising in Search Ads in the App Store and Apple News! Our platforms are highly-performant, deployed at scale, and setting new standards for enabling effective advertising while protecting user privacy. We are looking for an ambitious and versatile senior engineer who will be a key member of our team, delivering data products that effectively solve exciting business problems. Responsibilities range from designing and implementing core storage and processing capabilities, to mission-critical pipelines, to supporting online serving architectures, and leading edge, privacy preserving machine learning platforms. You will have the opportunity to define, refine, and/or refactor approaches, designs, and architectures to meet the data engineering challenges we must solve. You will join a team of world-class data engineers with an appetite for apply leading-edge technologies to deliver extraordinary experiences to our customers. You will play a meaningful role building data products that deliver on Apple's privacy commitments and change the way advertising works with data. You will be a leading voice in our technology strategy and its delivery, developing and mentoring junior members of the team. You will collaborate closely with the business to deliver relevant data and insight to inform our strategy and decisions. You should have 6-8+ years experience in data engineering roles, ideally within the ads or media space. You will have an excellent understanding of scalable approaches and thrive working in Agile environments. The ability to be a good standout colleague under tight deadline constraints is key to success!\n\nKey Qualifications\n\u2022 You love working on a shared codebase that supports mission critical applications; and the subject area that it requires\n\u2022 You have deep expertise in modern data engineering approaches, stay on top of developments, and are aware of what leading players are doing\n\u2022 You have a demonstrated ability to design, implement, refactor, and extend highly performant, scalable, resilient, reliable, and understandable data pipelines\n\u2022 You have deep experience with Spark (Streaming), Hadoop, Kafka (Streams) or other distributed systems\n\u2022 You have deep expertise in Python, Java, Scala, SQL, and/or other relevant languages and frameworks\n\u2022 You have experience with Oracle, Postgres, mySQL, or other relational databases\n\u2022 You have worked in cloud environments and are familiar with object stores, and other common cloud-native data storage and processing frameworks\n\u2022 You have worked in CI/CD environments and understand scalable deployment and operational management approaches\n\u2022 You have experience with pipelines and architectures that support machine learning development platforms and production applications\n\u2022 You are familiar with A/B and other online testing applications\n\u2022 You understand statistics and are capable of using data analysis techniques to understand data quality, profile system loads, understand the relationships between business metrics, and similar\n\nDescription\n\nAt Ad Platforms, we are constantly developing data products to provide amazing user experiences and drive value for publishers and developers. We are looking for a senior data engineer to deliver our future data systems, by working to: - Lead deep technical conversations and white boarding sessions to brainstorm ideas on data pipelines and petabyte scale data processing. - Design and implement new pipelines, storage, and processing solutions using modern, distributed systems approaches and technologies - Advocate for the design and implementation approaches you propose - Follow standard methodologies in storage, processing, copy/synchronization, etc. appropriate to the scale and maturity of our products - Work in multi-functional teams to prototype new concepts and deliver end-to-end systems in an agile setting - Design and deliver high quality systems with excellent reliability and scalability, leading complexity and providing for efficient operations\n\nEducation & Experience\n\nAdditional Requirements\n\nPay & Benefits\n\u2022 At Apple, base pay is one part of our total compensation package and is determined within a range. This provides the opportunity to progress as you grow and develop within a role. The base pay range for this role is between $130,000 and $242,000, and your base pay will depend on your skills, qualifications, experience, and location.\n\nApple employees also have the opportunity to become an Apple shareholder through participation in Apple's discretionary employee stock programs. Apple employees are eligible for discretionary restricted stock unit awards, and can purchase Apple stock at a discount if voluntarily participating in Apple's Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You'll also receive benefits including: Comprehensive medical and dental coverage, retirement benefits, a range of discounted products and free services, and for formal education related to advancing your career at Apple, reimbursement for certain educational expenses - including tuition. Additionally, this role might be eligible for discretionary bonuses or commission payments as well as relocation. Learn more about Apple Benefits.\n\nNote: Apple benefit, compensation and employee stock programs are subject to eligibility requirements and other terms of the applicable plan or program"
}