{
    "id": "IJpDCewM8OgAAAAAAAAAAA==",
    "company": "Amazon Data Services, Inc.",
    "description": "Do you like helping U.S. government agencies implement innovative cloud computing solutions and solve technical problems? Are you committed to fundamentally transforming the way national security and defense mission agencies partner with industry to meet mission requirements? Do you have experience managing large, complex programs?\n\nAmazon Web Services (AWS) is seeking an energetic Data Center Engineering Operations (DCEO) Facility Manager to join the Global Infrastructure Operations organization and serve as a technical resource and leader within data centers. The position will help ensure overall availability and reliability to meet or exceed defined service level agreements of data center operations in a specific region. The DCEO Operations Facility Manager is responsible for the overall operation and maintenance of all electrical, mechanical, and HVAC equipment within the data center. This role will assist in maintaining high reliability and performance while keeping the operating costs of the facilities at a minimum. This equipment supports mission-critical servers and must maintain better than 99.999% uptime.\n\nThis role acts as Amazon's front line when it comes to electrical and mechanical equipment troubleshooting. The team will maintain, operate, and troubleshoot mission-critical data center facility equipment including electrical support equipment such as stand-by diesel generators and related fuel systems, 3-phase electrical systems that include switchgear, UPS units, PDUs, and busways, among others. Mechanical equipment may include various types of computer room cooling units, centrifugal chillers, cooling towers/water chemical system, air handlers and associated systems, pumps, and motors. Additional support equipment is included in the scope of the role which includes fire suppression systems, building automation systems, and general facilities equipment.\n\nResponsibilities\n\u2022 Oversee all aspects of the data center's critical infrastructure. Ensure that all work performed within the space is done to high quality and without impact to internal/external customers\n\u2022 Oversee the safety, security, availability, quality, and performance of the team, while driving a positive customer experience across multiple shift schedules\n\u2022 Manage teams of 24x7 engineering technicians in all facets of their career\n\u2022 Engage in improvement projects, often requiring reaching out to a variety of support teams, and drive them from conception to completion\n\u2022 Ensure staffing levels are maintained and grow with expansions\n\u2022 Be actively involved in ongoing construction activities\n\u2022 Coordinate daily with a multitude of third party vendors ensuring adherence to contracted SLAs\n\u2022 Effectively and efficiently manage the operations budget and expenditures\nHere at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and we host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon's culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.\n\nOur team also puts a high value on work-life balance. Striking a healthy balance between your personal and professional life is crucial to your happiness and success here, which is why we aren't focused on how many hours you spend at work or online. Instead, we're happy to offer a flexible schedule so you can have a more productive and well-balanced life-both in and outside of work.\n\nThis position requires that the candidate selected be a US Citizen and must currently possess an active Top Secret security clearance. The position further requires that, after start, the selected candidate obtain and maintain an active TS/SCI security clearance with polygraph and satisfy other security related requirements.\n\nHere at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and we host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon's culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust"
}